It was some ballerina show.

-Buzzer-

"That was a real pretty dance, that dance they just did," my wife, Hazel, said. My thoughts started to drift toward the ballerinas -- none of them were very good. They were all burdened down with weights and faces masked. What if they weren't burd --

-Glass shattering-

...I tried to recover my train of thoughts, but it was too difficult. Hazel looked at me and asked me what I had heard.

"Sounded like somebody hitting a bottle with a hammer," I said.

"It'd be interesting, I think, hearing all those sounds," Hazel said, looking a bit jealous. I muttered something. "If I was the handicapper general," she said, "I think I'd have chimes on sunday -- just chimes. In honor of religion."

"I'd be able to think if it were just chimes," I said.

"Well, I'd just make 'em real loud," she said. "I think I'd make a good Handicapper General."

"Good as anybody else."

"Who knows better than I do what normal is?"

"Right."

I began to think of my son -- the one who they had deemed so abnormal that they decided to lock him up -- Harrison. I always wondered what he might --

-Guns, screen pulsates red-

I shut my eyes and placed my hands on my temples, it was so loud. When I opened my eyes, blurred a bit by incipient tears, I saw Hazel looking worriedly at me.

"Boy! That was a doozy, wasn't it?" she said. "I could hear it from here."

On the TV, two of the ballerinas had collapsed, clutching their own temples.

"Why don't you go rest on the sofa for a little while, honeybunch -- get that weight off your shoulders. I don't care if you're not equal with me for a little bit."

I hefted the bags a bit, weighing them.

"I don't really mind it," I said. "I don't even notice it, to be honest. The weight, it's become a part of me."

"You've been looking so tired lately," Hazel said, "worn out. If only there was some way to make a hole at the bottom of the bags and just take some of the lead balls out. Just a couple."

"Two years in prison and two-thousand dollar fine for each ball I take out," I reminded her, "that ain't exactly a bargain."

"If you could just take a few out when you come home, I mean -- you aren't competing with anybody here, you just sit around."

"If I tried it, other people would try it. Pretty soon we'd be back in the dark ages, with everybody competing against everybody else. You wouldn't like that, would you?"

"I'd hate it," she said.

"And there you have it. The minute people start subverting the laws, what do you think happens to society?"

She opened her mouth --

-Sirens, screen pulsates red-

"...fall all apart," Hazel said.

"What?"

"Society?" she said. "What we were just talking about?"

"Who knows?"

A news bulletin interrupted the ballerina show. For about a half a minute, his words slurred and excited, the announcer tried to talk, apparently trying to say "ladies and gentlemen", but he eventually gave up, and handed the bulletin to a ballerina to read.

"That's all right," Hazel said. "He tried. He tried the best with what God gave him. He ought to get a nice raise for trying so hard."

"Ladies and Gentlemen," the ballerina said. I imagined she had to have been beautiful, because the mask she wore was so hideous. And I could tell -- she must have been the most graceful and elegant of the lot, because the weight bags she wore looked to be the same as those worn by two-hundred-pound men.

And her voice -- her voice was beautiful, warm, melodious, luminous. But she stopped mid-sentence, and began again, throwing her voice as uncompetetively as she could.

"Harrison Bergeron, age fourteen," she said in a voice now reminiscent of a grackle's squawk, "has just escaped from jail, where he was held on suspicion of plotting to overthrow the government. He is a genius and an athlete, is under-handicapped, and should be regarded as extremely dangerous."

A photograph of Bergeron flashed on-screen, first in several incorrect orientations, and then finally right-side-up. He was exactly seven feet tall, and wore handicaps unlike any before seen -- he wore a tremendous set of earphones, and thick, wave-lensed glasses that obscured half of his face. There was scrap metal covering over most of his body. It didn't appear regulation, but instead ad hoc and hastily thrown together in place of the normal weight bags that strong people were given.

To top it off, his good looks were obscured with a big red nose and random black caps on his teeth, and his brows were shaved away.

"If you see this boy," the ballerina continued, "do not -- I repeat, do not -- attempt to reason with him."

The bulletin was interrupted then by the sound of metal shearing -- a door being ripped from its hinges.

There were screams, and the TV began to shake -- or rather, it was the camera shaking, as though in an earthquake. But it was a familiar earthquake -- one I knew, because it had occupied this very house long before.

It took just a moment for me to connect the dots.

"By God, that's Harrison!" I snapped.

-Car crash, screen pulsates red-

I shut my eyes, and when I opened them again, I saw Harrison -- as clownish as he looked -- occupying the center stage. The knob of the door he had torn open was still in his hands, and the people in the studio cowered before him.

"I am the Emperor!" he roared. "Do you hear? I am the Emperor! And all must do as I say!" One of his feet came down, shaking the entire studio. "Even as I stand here, hobbled and handicapped, I am greater than any man who has ever lived! Now watch, watch as I become even greater!"

The straps of his handicaps gave way instantly, like wet tissue paper, and his scrap-iron handicaps fell to the ground. He shattered the lock to his head harness with his bear hands, tearing the headphones from his ears and dashing them against the wall, and following them up with the glasses soon thereafter.

He tossed away his clown-nose and finally revealed the full extent of his handsomeness: a chiseled jawline, strong facial features; he looked fit to be a god.

"And now I shall claim my empress! Let the first woman who dares rise take her place by my side!" He held out a hand. Tentatively, after several seconds, one of the ballerinas stood shakily. Harrison deftly removed the mask and earphones that handicapped her, revealing a stunning beauty.

He removed the handicaps from the musicians who had been playing for the show.

"Play your best! Show the world the meaning of 'music' and my empress and I shall dance! All who play their best will be granted honors!"

After several seconds of silence, amidst now greatly improved music, Harrison and the ballerina stood silently. They then began to dance -- gracefully, like I had never seen before.

The Handicapper General herself, Diana Moon Glampers, had strolled in with a double barreled shotgun.

I turned away, feeling suddenly nauseas, and went to the fridge to get a beer.

-Two shotgun rounds, screen pulsates red.-

The noise suddenly stopped. When I had returned, I saw Hazel, her face tear-streaked, staring at the burnt-out TV.

"You're crying," I pointed out.

"Yeah. Something on TV was really sad. But I don't remember what," she said, her voice wavering a bit.

"Forget sad things," I said.

"I always do."

"That's my girl."

-Rivet gun, screen pulsates red.-

"Gee - that sounded like a doozy."

"You can say that again."

My wife repeated herself again.